You figure it out
I'm not paying for nothing
It's for my wife
Your wife?
Who in our company can take a fancy to you as your wife?
My wife is your general manager
Gao Ruonan, are you crazy about your wife?
Our general manager can be your wife
Listen to me and get out
Don't call me back
OK
What is your job number?
I want to complain to you.
The job number is written on that wall
Complain quickly
I'm so scared
Then you wait for me and I will wait.
Can't cure you
Yeah, not bad. OK.
Can you hit and strangle you?
What are you arguing about?
Hey, hey, dog, dog.
This... this is a psychopath.
He insists that you are his wife
What else did you say to send you a meal?
Am I wrong?
Are you still stubborn?
How could our CEO Gao be your wife's mother?
Look at yourself
Mr. Gao asked me to say
He's a delusional psychopath.
You don't need to place an order, leave it to me.
I'll call the police!
You overturned this meal. What should I eat?
No, no, I didn't hit it, he kicked it flying
Go to finance to settle the salary.
Never use it again